This is a punch clock-like timer, designed to make it extremely easy for the user to start and stop time accumulation for listed projects.

It requires a Tcl / Tk installation and probably the Wish shell to operate, but otherwise should work on any system upon which those prerequisites are installed.  I have used it on Mac OS X, various flavors of Linux with various desktop managers, AIX and Solaris all with no problems.

The best way to learn how to use it is to try it out.  It's extremely simple.  One non-obvious feature might that one can create new projects by typing them in the text area at the top and hitting return.

T2 will try to store its time records and project file list in a subdirectory of your home directory named .t2.

History


I originally wrote this in 1991 using Sun's XView toolkit (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XView) on a SPARCstation IPC.  I was working as a software engineer for a company that tracked development effort by various projects for payroll / timesheets, which were always a pain in the neck to fill out after the fact.  So I wrote this small, light application that would always be visible on my screen that I could easily clock-in / clock-out from as I worked on various projects.

In 1994, I was working at a different company where IBM's AIX using Motif/CDE was the desktop environment for software developers who wanted it (other choice was Windows 3.11 -- ick!).  I had a similar need to track my time, but was not too interested in learning the AIX flavor of Motif's primitive (compared to elegant XView) API.  Instead, I discovered Tcl and Tk, and learned just enough to hack this thing together.

Hence, this is probably the worst, ugliest piece of code I've written in the last 20 years.  It's been tweaked a few times since, but mostly I've not had the interest in becoming a Tcl/Tk guru to make it beautiful.  It works for me, and that's enough.

If you would like to improve it, suggest changes or submit them, please do.  I hope you find it useful.

Chris Johnson, October 2010.  http://drupal.org/user/2794
